README.md, before:

# BetterGitlabBoard

This add-on adds function of editing Gitlab board issue name right in the same page, without needing to open new page. It uses the personal access token of each user.

## What can this extension do?

- Update issue name right on the Gitlab board

1. Click the extension icon, input your personal access token generated from Gitlab
2. Navigate to any Gitlab issue board
3. Click on any issue, update the issue name from the sidebar
4. Boom! The issue name should update automatically

![update issue name demo](https://i.imgur.com/smbllbg.png "update issue name demo")

## Future TODOs

- [ ] Load issue description and render the markdown preview on sidebar
- [ ] Update issue description on sidebar
- [ ] Add dark mode for Gitlab

## How to support 

- Help submit pull requests here
- Report any issues encountered
- Consider buy me a coffee or via [Paypal](https://paypal.me/samuelchanx)

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/samuelchanx" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/orange_img.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 28px !important;width: 100px !important;box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;-webkit-box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;" ></a>

## Release Notes

v1.0
- Support issue name update

Commit message:

docs: update firefox addon extension url

README.md, after:

# BetterGitlabBoard

This add-on adds function of editing Gitlab board issue name right in the same page, without needing to open new page. It uses the personal access token of each user.

## What can this extension do?

- Update issue name right on the Gitlab board

1. Click the extension icon, input your personal access token generated from Gitlab
2. Navigate to any Gitlab issue board
3. Click on any issue, update the issue name from the sidebar
4. Boom! The issue name should update automatically

![update issue name demo](https://i.imgur.com/smbllbg.png "update issue name demo")

## How to download

- Available on [Firefox Addon](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/gitlab-board-helper/)
- Chrome extension to be published

## Future TODOs

- [ ] Load issue description and render the markdown preview on sidebar
- [ ] Update issue description on sidebar
- [ ] Add dark mode for Gitlab

## How to support 

- Help submit pull requests here
- Report any issues encountered
- Consider buy me a coffee or via [Paypal](https://paypal.me/samuelchanx)

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/samuelchanx" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/orange_img.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 28px !important;width: 100px !important;box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;-webkit-box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;" ></a>

## Release Notes

v1.0
- Support issue name update
